docs: Fix links, commands and QR code on first_example (#35846)
project-chip/connectedhomeip: docs/getting_started/first_example.md

## Example Devices

The example devices (occasionally referred to as "apps") are located in the

> [examples](https://github.com/project-chip/connectedhomeip/tree/master/examples)

Reviewer: Let me preface that I am not an expert in `.md` files at all

Not sure I am following this fix to the examples link. When I click the link on examples over in the web rendered version of this md file over here https://github.com/project-chip/connectedhomeip/blob/master/docs/getting_started/first_example.md I am getting the examples directory. It seems like the link is working and I would think relative path is better in case of a local copy of the repo

Reviewer: That leads to a 404. Okay I see what the issue is now. Thanks for that

Author: It seems like a weird bug that only happens when you access that link from  https://project-chip.github.io/connectedhomeip-doc/getting_started/first_example.html#an-sdk-example but not from https://github.com/project-chip/connectedhomeip/blob/master/docs/getting_started/first_example.md .

The weirdest part is that the link to `../../examples/chip-tool` works fine on both. But `../../examples/` breaks somehow.

Reviewer: Unresolving this to see if we can figure this out

https://project-chip.github.io/connectedhomeip-doc/_sources/getting_started/first_example.md

That show that the URL is `(https://github.com/project-chip/connectedhomeip/blob/master/../examples)` for some reason

Reviewer: Spent sometime trying to figure this out, but I honestly couldn't understand what the issue is. I am okay with leaving a comment about what we discovered about this like and just using and absolute path :shrug:

Author: I opened https://github.com/project-chip/connectedhomeip/issues/35855 and linked the discussion here so we don't lose the context.

Reviewer 2: I'll pass that on to the folks doing the SDK / handbook crossover stuff. Surely someone knows how the magic happens

Reviewer 3: Probably something in sphynx configuration: https://github.com/project-chip/connectedhomeip/blob/master/docs/conf.py#L76

I think I tried to figure it out before and it was never super clear...

Author: I added a comment to the code pointing to the separate bug I created.
I propose we land this PR as it fixes this link and other issues and use the specific bug to continue the discussion about the relative link issue.

### Building / Interacting with Matter Examples

The first thing you need to do is to commission the device. First start up the
lighting app in one terminal. By default it will start up with the default
discriminator (3840) and passcode (20202021) and save its non-volatile information

> in a KVS in /temp/chip_kvs. You can change these, and multiple other options on

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
in a key-value-store file ("KVS") in /tmp/chip_kvs. You can change this, and multiple other options on
```
